hello hey no I yeah I'm filming a video
uh-huh no we can totally hang out later
okay see ya bye telemarketers hey guys
so I recently went drifting huh there
was a sale on and it was fifty percent
off all women's clothing and I'm a lady
hey like so so I'm just going to show
you everything that I got and then I'm
going to sell it for you and I hope you
like it let's get started first off I
got these Levi's high-waisted pants they
are straight leg but I might turn them
into skinnies and they're just a really
nice dark wash my favorite jeans from
urban outfitters that I also found
drifting just wore out and so I had to
get some new jeans and I found these and
I was pretty happy with them next I got
this button up shirt it's a men's shirt
and I've already taken the pocket off
because i'm going to DIY it i also got
the same striped shirt in blue which
I've already cut out and there's going
to be a video on them soon next I got
these awesome shoes they're kind of like
an Oxford with a wedge and they're super
badass so I'm really excited about these
next up i got this kind of lilac shirt
of her t-90s knotted it because I wore
it once my brothers in the corner being
like shame on you
that was his weird noise anyway so I got
this shirt and I'm not sure what I'm
going to do with it yet i might just
turn it into a crop top i was thinking
of an ombre but i don't know along the
same lines of crop tops I got this which
I don't know if it's actually a bathing
suit top they don't think it is it's a
little thin to be a bathing suit top
yeah no it's not agency top but it is a
crop top and it's a nice basic stripe
which I'm really into stripes they just
make me excited so this made me excited
and this one was 399 whoo steep but i
got it for half off so i thought it was
a great deal yay another thing that I
got is this shirt it is a finished shirt
and it was really pretty and it was also
only like three dollars so i thought
that was a great find and it's a little
fancy but also it's a jersey material so
it's relaxed and chill like me so the
last two things that i got and actually
wearing because i'm a terrible person um
i got this shirt also for 299 it's just
it's kind of a washed-out black color it
probably used to be black but now it's
kind of a grayish black charcoal color
and it kind of just well it's also kind
of a crop top and then I got another
pair of jeans which I don't know if
I got these jeans they're the kind of
ankle jeans they're a little skinny but
they're kind of also mom jeans so
anyways that's what I got now I'm going
to style it so stay tuned for that
you
so hopefully you enjoyed all of the
things that I did with the clothes that
i got and the styling and all that and
thanks for watching have a great week hi